[Music]
hey how's it going guys this is Dave -
Dee and this is the Acer swift seven so
this thing comes in a nine point nine
eight millimeters thick it's very thin
it's less than a centimeter in fact it's
the thinnest laptop in the world right
now it's black and gold kind of like the
HP Spectre but instead of going for an
elegant theme this thing's just straight
up functional there's a bit of flex on
the casing partially because the
aluminum isn't that thick but it's also
a wide device it's thin but the
footprint is relatively large screen
hinge is a little stiff you can't open
it with one hand at least not easily but
the overall build quality is good it's
got an audio jack and two USB sea ports
on the right you can use either of them
to charge it but that's it for ports
you're going to need to use the included
adapters if you need HDMI or regular USB
connections you can open it up easily
but there's not much you can upgrade on
the inside you can replace the Wi-Fi
card and the SSD so the stock drive is a
256 gig SATA SSD it's slower because of
SATA and it's one of the short M to
drive so replacement drives aren't as
easy to find the screen is great it's
1080p and covered in gorilla glass it's
not a touchscreen despite having that
glossy finish but it looks really nice
very good color gamut and accuracy nice
and bright definitely one of the best
features of this laptop the keyboard is
decent not amazing its biggest problem
is that it's not backlit and a lot of
potential buyers might really want that
the keys themselves are smaller but I
got used to it after a couple hours
there are better keyboards on ultra-thin
laptops out there like the HP Spectre
but this one's not bad the trackpad is
excellent it uses native Windows drivers
it's glass it's got a great texture
excellent button mechanics and the
tactile feedback on the click is perfect
it's a little shallow but it reminds me
of MacBook trackpads before they went
off force touch II now I know I'm going
on and on about the trackpad but for a
lot of Ultrabook users they don't use
mice and the trackpad experience is
clutch this one nails it the speakers
are located on the bottom so they're
down firing they have Dolby branding on
them and they sound decent they're
better at lower volumes but they quickly
lose audio clarity as you increase the
volume even at 50% they start to sound a
little fuzzy performance wise it's
running a Kb
like core i5 but this is the y chip so
it's got like the new generation of core
M processors it'll handle light to
moderate tasks comfortably so any kind
of web browsing or word processing or a
media consumption that stuff is no
problem but if you have any kind of
heavier work like raw photo edits or if
you want to play even light games it
won't do that well now with this
reduction and processing power comes a
couple nice benefits first is the heat
it generates even under load it never
gets uncomfortable to use so there's no
fan and consequently no fan noise it's
essentially a silent computer and it
also has the benefit of really low power
draw this thing only has a 41 watt hour
battery and it'll comfortably last seven
hours of regular use a normal core i5
processor would last noticeably less
okay so with the Swift 7 you're getting
an extremely thin laptop with reasonable
build quality and impressively color
accurate and bright tan DP screen but
it's not touch sensitive you get a
decent keyboard that is spacious but
it's not backlit you get an excellent
trackpad one of the best in the
Ultrabook market on the inside we have a
cable a Qui processor and the Intel HD
615 they can comfortably handle
productivity work and media consumption
but they'll have a tough time keeping up
with more demanding tasks the 8 gigs of
ram is soldered on the 256 gigs of
storage is upgradeable and then powering
this is a comfortable seven hour battery
now I think some people might be worried
about the core Y processor it's not the
fastest thing out there
but I really like the Acer Swift 7 it's
basically everything that you would need
in an ultra portable productivity
machine it's got all the fundamentals
good screen battery life trackpad decent
keyboard but it's not backlit so if
that's a deal-breaker for you well your
deal is broken but that doesn't bother
you
this is a really good machine to take a
look at that's the end of this video
hope you guys liked it thumbs if you
liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time
you